##Data Dictionary - Biometric measurements
activityCode  
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;    Activity Code 1-6  
activity   
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;    Activity description  
subject  
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;    Subject number 1-30  
tBodyAcc.mean...X  
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;    Measure mean  
tBodyAcc.mean...Y  
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;    Measure mean  
tBodyAcc.mean...Z  
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;    Measure mean  
tBodyAcc.std...X  
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;    Measure standard deviation  
tBodyAcc.std...Y  
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;    Measure standard deviation  
tBodyAcc.std...Z  
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;    Measure standard deviation  
tGravityAcc.mean...X  
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;    Measure mean  
tGravityAcc.mean...Y   
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;    Measure mean  
tGravityAcc.mean...Z  
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;    Measure mean  
tGravityAcc.std...X  
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;    Measure standard deviation  
tGravityAcc.std...Y  
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;    Measure standard deviation  
tGravityAcc.std...Z  
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;    Measure standard deviation  
tBodyAccJerk.mean...Y  
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;    Measure mean  
tBodyAccJerk.mean...Z  
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;    Measure mean  
tBodyAccJerk.std...X  
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;    Measure standard deviation  
tBodyAccJerk.std...Y  
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;    Measure standard deviation  
tBodyAccJerk.std...Z  
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;    Measure standard deviation  
tBodyGyro.mean...X  
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;    Measure mean  
tBodyGyro.mean...Y  
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;    Measure mean  
tBodyGyro.mean...Z  
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;    Measure mean  
tBodyGyro.std...X  
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;    Measure standard deviation  
tBodyGyro.std...Y  
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;    Measure standard deviation  
tBodyGyro.std...Z  
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;    Measure standard deviation  
tBodyGyroJerk.mean...X  
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;    Measure mean  
tBodyGyroJerk.mean...Z  
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;    Measure mean  
tBodyGyroJerk.std...X  
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;    Measure mean  
tBodyGyroJerk.std...X  
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;    Measure standard deviation  
tBodyGyroJerk.std...Y  
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;    Measure standard deviation  
tBodyGyroJerk.std...Z  
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;    Measure standard deviation  
tBodyAccMag.mean..  
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;    Measure mean  
tGravityAccMag.mean..  
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;    Measure mean  
tGravityAccMag.std..  
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;    Measure standard deviation  
tBodyAccJerkMag.mean..  
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;    Measure mean  
tBodyAccJerkMag.std..  
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;    Measure standard deviation  
tBodyGyroMag.mean..  
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;    Measure mean  
tBodyGyroMag.std..  
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;    Measure standard deviation  
tBodyGyroJerkMag.mean..  
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;    Measure mean  
tBodyGyroJerkMag.std..  
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;    Measure standard deviation  
fBodyAcc.mean...X  
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;    Measure mean  
fBodyAcc.mean...Y  
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;    Measure mean  
fBodyAcc.mean...Z  
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;    Measure mean  
fBodyAcc.std...X  
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;    Measure standard deviation  
fBodyAcc.std...Y  
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;    Measure standard deviation  
fBodyAcc.std...Z  
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;    Measure standard deviation  
fBodyAccJerk.mean...X  
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;    Measure mean  
fBodyAccJerk.mean...Y  
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;    Measure mean  
fBodyAccJerk.mean...Z  
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;    Measure mean  
fBodyAccJerk.std...X  
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;    Measure standard deviation  
fBodyAccJerk.std...Y  
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;    Measure standard deviation  
fBodyAccJerk.std...Z  
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;    Measure standard deviation  
fBodyGyro.mean...X  
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;    Measure mean  
fBodyGyro.mean...Y  
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;    Measure mean  
fBodyGyro.mean...Z  
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;    Measure mean  
fBodyGyro.std...X  
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;    Measure standard deviation  
fBodyGyro.std...Y  
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;    Measure standard deviation  
fBodyGyro.std...Z  
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;    Measure standard deviation  
fBodyAccMag.mean..  
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;    Measure mean  
fBodyAccMag.std..  
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;    Measure standard deviation  
fBodyBodyAccJerkMag.mean..  
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;    Measure mean  
fBodyBodyAccJerkMag.std..  
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;    Measure standard deviation  
fBodyBodyGyroMag.mean..  
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;    Measure mean  
fBodyBodyGyroMag.std..  
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;    Measure standard deviation  
fBodyBodyGyroJerkMag.mean..  
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;    Measure mean  
fBodyBodyGyroJerkMag.std..  
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;    Measure standard deviation  

